---
layout: page
title: "About Scott McLintock"
---

Scott McLintock was born and raised on the outskirts of Glasgow, Scotland, where he achieved an honours degree in Multimedia Technologies. He began his career as a design intern working for Glasgow based digital agency Creative Oceanic. Throughout this six-month period he gained his first taste of what it would be like working in the technology sector while still finishing his degree. 

After graduating from the West of Scotland University, Scott began working as a Junior Designer for another Glasgow based digital agency, Mine Digital. During his time there he was responsible for all aspects of design ranging from branding, print, web and mobile app design. He soon advanced to the role of Digital Designer where he developed the necessary programming skills for implementing the user interfaces he designed.

With a keen interest in expanding his understanding of developing responsive user interfaces, Scott pursued the role of Front-End Developer with The Box Office Company, a worldwide organisation dedicated to the cinema industry. During this time he helped develop a new booking platform that was rolled out to over 100 cinema chains across the globe. After identifying the need for an internal automation suite to cover all testing scenarios of the booking platform, Scott transitioned into the role of QA/Product Owner. For this role he was responsible for quality assurance as well as the overall design and vision of the internal testing suite and it's user interface. This required developing more advanced skills in product design, product management as well as manual and automated testing.

Eager to expand his knowledge of product design and UX further, Scott completed a [Google UX Design Certificate](/2023/03/05/google-ux-certificate/) and began a career working with Giki, a BCorp helping organisations across the globe to take climate action through the use of their website and mobile app. He currently holds the position of QA/Product Designer responsible for the full design process including [Wireframing](/2023/05/15/wireframing/), [Prototyping](/2023/09/28/prototyping/), developing the [UI Library](/2023/09/15/pattern-libraries/) as well as [Design QA](/2023/08/10/design-qa/).